README.md, before:

# Azure Deployment Template

## Dependencies
* Node (`brew install node`)
* Gulp
* Azure CLI (`curl -L https://aka.ms/InstallAzureCli | bash`)

## Configuration
1. Put your SSH PublicKey (`~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub`) into the file `azuredeploy.parameters.json` in the relevant "jumpboxSshKey" property.
2. Execute `echo "$(id -P | cut -d: -f1)-" > .prefix`, this will prefix all resource groups with that name.
3. By default, JIRA is the product that is deployed. If you are working on Confluence, run `echo confluence > .product`. This will make the deployment use confluence's ARM templates.

## How to run a deployment
1. Run `az login`
2. Run `npm i` to install dependencies
3. Run `npm start` to start the deployment

## How to remove deployed environment
1. Run `npm stop`

## Making changes
If you make changes to any file, you have to put the changed file into the blobstore that is used for provisioning.
Either create a new blobstore or reuse an existing one.

If you create a new blobstore, you have to update the parameters "provisioningStorageName" and "provisioningStorageToken"
in the file `azuredeploy.parameters.json`.

## Keep parameters clean

The process deployment requires to have `azuredeploy.parameters.json` in the repository. That means that you need to make sure that you don't commit your custom values into the repository during development.

To avoid this hassle create you can `azuredeploy.parameters.local.json` in a product specific directory, it is ignored by git and it overrides the repo version of `azuredeploy.parameters.json` when you run deployment with `npm start`

## Redeploying your changes
Just run `npm start` again - it will delete the old resource group (stored in the file `.group`) and run a new deployment.

## Using SSH to connect to nodes
You can only access JIRA nodes via the NAT gateway. To connect to a node directly via the NAT gateway, you can use a
SSH command like this:
```
ssh -o 'ProxyCommand=ssh -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa jiraadmin@jiranat_address_.australiaeast.cloudapp.azure.com nc %h %p' jiraadmin@10.0.2.4
```

The password for the `jiraadmin` user on JIRA nodes is `JIRA@dmin`.

## Building a zip for publishing
Run `gulp publish` to build a zip in the `target/` directory. Similarly with running a deployment, if you have a `.product` file with 'confluence' in it,
then the publish will build the confluence deployment files. If you want to run the publish directly regardless of the `.product` file,
use `gulp publish-jira` or `gulp publish-confluence`.

Commit message:

BBSDEV-18010 added skeleton for Bitbucket Server
Added simpley static IP allocation as first resource to deploy.
Added publishing operation for Bitbucket Server
Also unified the publishing process for all three products

README.md, after:

# Azure Deployment Template

## Dependencies
* Node (`brew install node`)
* Gulp
* Azure CLI (`curl -L https://aka.ms/InstallAzureCli | bash` or `brew install azure-cli`)

## Configuration
1. Put your SSH PublicKey (`~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub`) into the file `azuredeploy.parameters.json` in the relevant "jumpboxSshKey" property.
2. Execute `echo "$(id -P | cut -d: -f1)-" > .prefix`, this will prefix all resource groups with that name.
3. By default, JIRA is the product that is deployed. If you are working on Confluence or Bitbucket Ser, run `echo confluence > .product` or `echo bitbucket > .product` accordingly. This will make the deployment to use product-specific ARM templates.

## How to run a deployment
1. Run `az login`
2. Run `npm i` to install dependencies
3. Run `npm start` to start the deployment

## How to remove deployed environment
1. Run `npm stop`

## Making changes
If you make changes to any file, you have to put the changed file into the blobstore that is used for provisioning.
Either create a new blobstore or reuse an existing one.

If you create a new blobstore, you have to update the parameters "provisioningStorageName" and "provisioningStorageToken"
in the file `azuredeploy.parameters.json`.

## Keep parameters clean

The process deployment requires to have `azuredeploy.parameters.json` in the repository. That means that you need to make sure that you don't commit your custom values into the repository during development.

To avoid this hassle create you can `azuredeploy.parameters.local.json` in a product specific directory, it is ignored by git and it overrides the repo version of `azuredeploy.parameters.json` when you run deployment with `npm start`

## Redeploying your changes
Just run `npm start` again - it will delete the old resource group (stored in the file `.group`) and run a new deployment.

## Using SSH to connect to nodes
You can only access JIRA nodes via the NAT gateway. To connect to a node directly via the NAT gateway, you can use a
SSH command like this:
```
ssh -o 'ProxyCommand=ssh -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa jiraadmin@jiranat_address_.australiaeast.cloudapp.azure.com nc %h %p' jiraadmin@10.0.2.4
```

The password for the `jiraadmin` user on JIRA nodes is `JIRA@dmin`.

## Building a zip for publishing
Run `gulp publish` to build a zip in the `target/` directory. Similarly with running a deployment, if you have a `.product` file with 'confluence' in it,
then the publish will build the confluence deployment files. If you want to run the publish directly regardless of the `.product` file,
use `gulp publish-jira`, `gulp publish-confluence` or `gulp publish-bitbucket`.
