jira/README.md, before:

# Atlassian Jira Software Data Center

Jira Software Data Center gives you uninterrupted access to JIRA Software with performance at scale, disaster recovery and instant scalability when hosting our applications in your Azure private cloud account.

## Deploy to Azure Portal

[![Deploy Jira Software Data Center to Azure Portal](https://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fbitbucket.org%2Fatlassian%2Fatlassian-azure-deployment%2Fraw%2Fmaster%2Fjira%2Fazuredeploy.json)

NB. The current Azure deployment utilises certain Azure functionality like App Insights, Azure Monitoring, SQL Analytics etc that are still in Preview mode and not available in most regions. To ensure you can utilise these technologies deploy into the following regions:
1. East US
2. West Europe
3. Southeast Asia
4. Canada Central
5. Central India

Further information on parameters and other installation options for the Atlassian Azure solution can be found at our [Support Page](https://hello.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DC/pages/369608838/Azure+Support+Page)  

## View Azure Deployment Results

View deployment output values in Azure Portal for endpoints, DB url etc.  
![alt text](https://bitbucket.org/atlassian/atlassian-azure-deployment/raw/master/jira/images/JiraDeploymentResults.png "Jira Deployment Results")

Commit message:

AZURE-33. Bitbucket guys still want the Gulp/NodeJS installation so updated readmes and moved out Gulp instructions to DEVELOPING.md

jira/README.md, after:

# Atlassian Jira Software Data Center

Jira Software Data Center gives you uninterrupted access to JIRA Software with performance at scale, disaster recovery and instant scalability when hosting our applications in your Azure private cloud account.

## Deploy to Azure Portal

[![Deploy Jira Software Data Center to Azure Portal](https://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fbitbucket.org%2Fatlassian%2Fatlassian-azure-deployment%2Fraw%2Fmaster%2Fjira%2Fazuredeploy.json)

NB. The current Azure deployment utilises certain Azure functionality like App Insights, Azure Monitoring, SQL Analytics etc that are still in Preview mode and not available in most regions. To ensure you can utilise these technologies deploy into the following regions:
1. East US
2. West Europe
3. Southeast Asia
4. Canada Central
5. Central India

You can of course disable App Insights, Analytics etc via the template parameters to allow installation to your desired region.

Further information on parameters and other installation options for the Atlassian Azure solution can be found at our [Support Page](https://hello.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DC/pages/369608838/Azure+Support+Page)  

## View Azure Deployment Results

View deployment output values in Azure Portal for endpoints, DB url etc.  
![alt text](images/JiraDeploymentResults.png "Jira Deployment Results")
